-------Terraform Validator-------- 
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/policy-library/blob/main/docs/index.md
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/policy-library/tree/master/policies/templates
gcloud beta terraform vet -
https://cloud.google.com/docs/terraform/policy-validation
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/beta/terraform/vet
-------Terraform Validator--------for policies which can be applied to GCP resources. Below policies are for k8s resources 

https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/reference/constraint-template-library
https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/using-constraints-to-enforce-pod-security
v/s
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/pod-security-policies
kubectl get psp --all-namespaces

Auditing using constraints (enforcementAction: deny(default) or enforcementAction: dryrun to a constraint) - 
https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/auditing-constraints
kubectl get K8sPSPAllowedUsers user-must-be-3333 -o yaml
kubectl logs -n gatekeeper-system -l gatekeeper.sh/system=yes

kubectl get constrainttemplates
kubectl get constrainttemplates -l="configmanagement.gke.io/configmanagement=config-management"
kubectl describe constrainttemplate gcpstoragelocationconstraintv1

	
NAME                                      AGE
allowedserviceportname                    27m
destinationruletlsenabled                 27m
disallowedauthzprefix                     27m
gcpstoragelocationconstraintv1            27m
k8sallowedrepos                           27m
k8sblocknodeport                          27m
k8sblockprocessnamespacesharing           27m
k8scontainerlimits                        27m
k8scontainerratios                        27m
k8sdisallowedrolebindingsubjects          27m
k8sdisallowedtags                         27m
k8semptydirhassizelimit                   27m
k8sexternalips                            27m
k8shttpsonly                              27m
k8simagedigests                           27m
k8slocalstoragerequiresafetoevict         27m
k8smemoryrequestequalslimit               27m
k8snoenvvarsecrets                        27m
k8snoexternalservices                     27m
k8spodsrequiresecuritycontext             27m
k8sprohibitrolewildcardaccess             27m
k8spspallowedusers                        27m
k8spspallowprivilegeescalationcontainer   27m
k8spspapparmor                            27m
k8spspcapabilities                        27m
k8spspflexvolumes                         27m
k8spspforbiddensysctls                    27m
k8spspfsgroup                             27m
k8spsphostfilesystem                      27m
k8spsphostnamespace                       27m
k8spsphostnetworkingports                 27m
k8spspprivilegedcontainer                 27m
k8spspprocmount                           27m
k8spspreadonlyrootfilesystem              27m
k8spspseccomp                             27m
k8spspselinux                             27m
k8spspselinuxv2                           27m
k8spspvolumetypes                         27m
k8srequiredlabels                         27m
k8srequiredprobes                         27m
k8srequirenamespacenetworkpolicies        27m
k8srestrictlabels                         27m
k8srestrictnamespaces                     27m
k8srestrictrolebindings                   27m
k8suniqueingresshost                      27m
k8suniqueserviceselector                  27m
policystrictonly                          27m
sourcenotallauthz                         27m
